All right, we're at Tama,
and I just discovered the secret
to their amazing drums.
So everyone comes out here?
Yeah.
Everyday
Like, uh how?
You're standing here, yeah, yeah, yeah.
(drumming)
Japan, a country that I have just fallen in love with.
Discover all of the secrets behind the best
modern drums that Japan has to offer.
Let me take, take off my shoes.
This is all your fault!
Then travel back in time with me to answer
the biggest question of all.
Because I play a drum set,
will I have an advantage in playing Taiko drums?
I'm going to continue my worldwide adventure
to tell the stories of some of the
biggest names in drum manufacturing.
We really want to inspire musicians
to create their best performance.
(drumming)
He is triple checking.
Come along with me inside one of the world's
greatest drum set factories,
Tama Drums.
(Ohayo Gozaimasu)